# __incbin
This, i hope will be repository for most simple and universal resource manager i had described(github description). 
Currently tested only to work with GCC as a simply invocation for asm("":::) GAS macro .incbin witch can include any binary file directly inside C arrays at compilation/linkin process. 
Another method to include binary data without runtime overhead is to use objcopy(.o, .lib) or special app that can change binary file into C array definition. For big files it's need to use a resource compiler windres.exe Qt Resource manager, Qt Translator or... many other universal way that i don't know about. I hope to have, a one universal portable resource manager to include binary data into variables such as char chain, arrays for integers etc. With as little overhead as can be. Want to have some universal resource editor capable of changeing any binary file into .h file, change it to .o file .lib file or something capable to import much easy as plausible. Hope to use zlib, lz4 library for the biggest resources loaded dynamically. I hope it could be done by macro expanding for most fast form can be used with compler detected. Currently im on the stage of searching for best universal and simple way. This is my wish list.
The main reason i want this is glShaderSource, clCreateProgramWithSource or Lua in C without need to pack them onto archive or then copy-paste into char[] = { "First line\n" "Nest line\n" } because with this i neet to sync data whatever used compilation on scripthost or my app itself.
